Update PR workflow / workspace (#1053)
reactive-python/reactpy: .github/pull_request_template.md

> <!-- By submitting this pull request you agree that all contributions to this project are made under the MIT license. -->

Reviewer: Gonna talk to a lawyer about how to properly communicate this. For now, I'd rather make this impossible to miss.

Author: Given that Facebook [doesn't even put any disclaimers](https://github.com/reactjs/react.dev/blob/main/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md), it's probably not legally required for it to be in the PR template. I will move it to the bottom of the template in small text for now.

## Summary

<!-- Describe how these changes resolve the aforementioned issues -->

## Issues

<!-- Link the issues this change resolves, or describe them -->

> 

Reviewer: My intention with the order here was to first have people describe the problem (an issue link being sufficient) and then summarize how these changes fix it. We can change the order but the comments describing the purpose of each section need to be updated to reflect that.

-   [ ] Tests have been included for all bug fixes or added functionality.
-   [ ] The `changelog.rst` has been updated with any significant changes.

> <sub>This contribution conforms the project's open source license(s).</sub>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sub>By submitting this pull request you agree that all contributions are made under this project's open source license(s).</sub>
```

## Summary

> <!-- Describe these changes -->

Reviewer: The main things I like to see in a PR are a description of the problems and how the changes address them. Without some direction, people tend to jump straight to what the changes are and fail to justify why they are necessary. That's why I put the "Issues" section first.

Perhaps the comment under the "Issues" section does not adequately emphasize that.
